"Yer a wizard Harry." ― Rubeus Hagrid
"I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed — or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed." ― Hermione Granger
"It does not do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live." ― Albus Dumbledore
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure." ― Albus Dumbledore
"You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant... but scary." — Ron Weasley
"There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion-making. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention!" — Severus Snape
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." ― Albus Dumbledore
"If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign… to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very own skin." — Albus Dumbledore
"As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all – the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." — Albus Dumbledore
"The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution." — Albus Dumbledore
"There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them."
"Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!" — Albus Dumbledore